Documentation – Rocco Leung u3242958

Individual Contribution 
My overall contribution includes styling the galleries page and revising certain formatting with added feedback on actions. On a separate branch: ‘changes-rocco’ include changes
that committed to the galleries page, these changes were done on the 10th of April, these include lines 693-707 down below. Changes made too master committed by Max were added April 11th.
These changes include image size alteration, use of margin to condense the images to the centre and spacing between the first image and image grid. Some of these changes are present on the ‘master’ branch
include lines 701-703 present on branch ‘changes-rocco’ to 748-751 on ‘master’. These changes add margin to the grid, separating from the block-image at the top of the page. Main difference between branches
is space inclusion of a grid wrapper to fixed centre position, whilst margin condenses content to the centre, however pushing content, changing the format of the original grid. Inclusion of a grid container 
resolves this issue whilst maintaining the format present on the current site. Together these branches have been merged, with the improvements of Max’s grid format changes that create the galleries page.

 
The code bellow are all changes made to the style.css present on the master branch. Lines 824-829 add size, weight and padding to subheadings. This adds hierarchy to the page and help separate
information into distinguished and digestible chunks. Lines 831-842 are changes to clickable links. Links have been increased font weight, with improved feedback. Some minor changes, include formatting
and positioning. Margin bottom and margin top added on the header present on line 553-558. Margin top and bottom were added to the footer in an earlier version (green) however, these changes have since been
revised of a redesign by Max (red). 
 

 

In a personal reflection, most changes are changing of format and collaboration to create the Gallery page. I believe I struggled in class creation and placement of information; my familiarity of tailwind
CSS affected the amount of contribution within the site itself. Nested items within wordpress were difficult to grasp, as content was difficult to alter and, in a sense, felt restricting. These included 
images, p tags and divisions/containers separating content within the page. I believe the changes present on the site have done a good job of separating the information with addition of padding and 
margin around p tags and page dividers <hr> class. Whereas team communication remained minimal until just before the due date, which may have affected job and page assignments. Additionally the twig
files, would target multiple sites, therefore I had to check that my changes made no interferences with pages with the shared file, in this case page.twig. 

Issue Resolution
Many challenges were found within the process of the website. Our team initially struggled with the setup and implementation of tailwind CSS. First challenge our team faced was the implementation
on the drop-down menu located in menu.twig. This included creating parenting and child elements, which link the elements on hover. Joshua, the one assigned to the navigation menu, with the help of the 
tutor within tutorials, developed the <ul> class.

This code acts as the parent class and container.  Additionally, the children classes act as parent classes. This includes line 7, 9, 11. Lines 8 and 9 have nested child elements 
which include the links marked as item and child target. 

Initially while working on the galleries page, I found difficulty in targeting content, and creating divisions. This may be because I lacked a clear understanding of content nested within the IDs.
These ids contain the info from the given WordPress, which I realise after the completion of the galleries page in collaboration with Max. I believe that I have reached a somewhat basic understanding of
tailwind CSS, where classes are styled within the class. I am still unsure how to target specific pages with nested elements without affecting the other. The limited time and use of the framework provided 
by WordPress have greatly affected my learning of the framework.

Team Collaboration

Overall, most work was done within our own time. Role assignment was not directly appointed by a group leader but chosen as individual members. To avoid overlap a spreadsheet was created containing
each of the pages, this spread sheet included a colour coordination system assigned by our names. Our communication outside of class was limited with some updates sent by each of the group members, whilst
majority of the work only started towards the final week leading up to the assignment. A day before due, we joined each joined a call, discussing progress, final changes, branch merging and submission. Each
of us had own individual branches separate from the master. Ryan has merged these branches together, whilst touching up the format. 

References

Architecture architecture. (n.d.). Architecture architecture. Architecture Architecture. https://architecturearchitecture.com.au/
Forensic Architecture. (2019). Forensic-Architecture; Forensic Architecture. https://forensic-architecture.org/

